Responsibilities -  
Work on, improve and develop our front-end client with some new features and an impressive user 
interface. Work with the backend team to come up with APIs and sync data across platform. Work 
across teams in a project based way and be involved in feature creations, product enhancements and 
experiments throughout the entire development lifecycle, from databases over backend and APIs to 
frontend and user experience. Be part of a strong team that passionately believes in what it does. Get 
exceptional career opportunities. 
Minimum Requirements -  
Bachelor degree in computer science or a related field.  
At least 1.5 year of relevant work experience with iOS application development, published apps or 
significant demonstrable equivalent expertise. Programming experience in Swift. Ability to follow 
necessary software engineering practices - documentation, testing, etc. Strong foundation in UIKit 
and CoreAnimation including UIKitDynamics and custom CATransitions. Experience with 
multithreaded programming and concurrency in iOS. Strong foundation in Autolayout and Size 
Classes. Experience in architecting and optimizing persistent storage solutions in iOS. 
Preferred Qualifications -  
Considerable programming experience in Swift and Objective-C/C++. Deep technical knowledge of 
Cocoa touch ecosystem and iOS development paradigms such as MVC, VIPER etc. Experience 
writing unit and integration tests with Xcode. Knowledge of frameworks that can enhance user 
experience (such as Facebook's Pop) MVP application design and complex, reactive touch-based 
User Experience. Good Contribution to the open source community (Cocoa Control contributions 
would be interesting). Strong foundation in computer science, with competencies in data structures, 
algorithms and software design optimized for embedded systems. Strong experience with designing 
and architecting client-server based apps on iOS. Passion for healthcare and making the world a 
better place. 
Location -  
Applicants should not be barred from working in Singapore. 