Page1
Yamini Bhaskar
Operations Manager at Holmusk
Experience
Operations Manager  at   Holmusk
July 2015  -  Present (4 months)
Holmusk is an innovative telehealth platform that uses data (analytics, visualization, prediction, signaling
 etc.) to tackle chronic diseases and influence positive health outcomes.  My role as an Ops Manager involves
 connecting with partners, collaborators and users Startup-related tasks:creating presentations,market research
 and managing the daily operations of the company
Junior Trainer/Presenter  at   Wildlife Reserves Singapore
July 2010  -  Present (5 years 4 months)
Presenting animal shows Husbandry of animals Enrichment Educating visitors about animal conservation
PHD Researcher  at   Nanyang Technological University (NTU Singapore)
January 2014  -  November 2014  (11 months)
Functional studies about the neural circuitry in the brain and how it changes under stress using resilient
 models.
Research Associate  at   Nanyang Technological University
November 2012  -  January 2014  (1 year 3 months)
Neuroscience research on stress and resilience using animal models.
Research Intern  at   Genome Institute of Singapore at A*Star
August 2012  -  September 2012  (2 months)
Worked on identifying biomarkers that play an important role in targeted cancer therapy. Data mining to
 identify biomarkers in existence and their relevant drug responses in targeted cancer therapy.
Languages
Tamil (Native or bilingual proficiency)
Hindi (Full professional proficiency)
Kannada (Native or bilingual proficiency)
English (Native or bilingual proficiency)
Projects
Brain computer interfacing by EEG modulation
March 2009 to November 2009
Members:Yamini B., vinoth S., Uma Bhavani
Page2
Designed and constructed a Brain Computer Interface (BCI) using LABVIEW and ELVIS to detect visually
 evoked potentials and train users to control the glowing of an LED on the computer screen by voluntary
 electroencephalogram (EEG) modulation. This BCI system requires only two electrodes, and has a relatively
 short training time for both the user and the machine. This will be greatly beneficial for paralytic patients.
Auto tracking of movement of a mouse in a maze using LabVIEW:
May 2009 to May 2010
Members:Yamini B., vinoth S., Uma Bhavani, Thenmozhi
Designed and constructed a system to automatically track the movements of mice in an 8 arm radial maze.
 We used IR sensors fitted into the sides of each arm of the maze and connected that to a PCB which was
 connected to the computer with LabVIEW. This maze is designed to perform studies on the spatial learning
 and memory of rodents. The basic information necessary to the researchers is the entry of the mouse in each
 arm and the time spent by the mouse in each arm. Using the analog circuit as well as LabVIEW we were able
 to provide the above information. 
Design of a motion capture system for upper limb movement analysis
March 2011 to December 2011
Members:Yamini B.
Designed an optimal system to track the upper limb movement of normal subjects performing activities of
 daily living using Qualysis Motion Tracking system and addressed issues such as occlusion of markers and
 space constraints to provide a stable and reliable system for future trials to be conducted on stroke patients in
 hospitals.
Honors and Awards
First place in paper presentation at national level technical symposium
Anna University
March 2009
Presented a paper titled "Use of biomaterials in tissue engineering" and was awarded the first place for that
 presentation.
Second place in paper presentation at inter collegiate symposium
Jerusalem College of Engineering
September 2008
Presented a paper titled "Use of Neural Networks in Breast Cancer Detection" 
First place in poster designing competition
Bannari Amman Institute of Technology
October 2009
Designed a poster on the theme "Global opportunites and challenges of Technical Students" in the 12th ISTE
 Students' National Convention.
Volunteer Experience
Volunteer teacher  at   SINDA
Page3
August 2011  -  Present (4 years 3 months)
Conduct reading classes for children on weekends to help them improve their english reading skills.
Certifications
RCULA
       September 2012
Skills & Expertise
Matlab
Labview
Biomedical Engineering
Image Processing
Microsoft Office
Biomaterials
Molecular Biology
Medical Devices
Microsoft Excel
Medical Research
Qualysis
Motion Capture
Data Mining
Real-time Data Acquisition
Photoshop
Education
Nanyang Technological University
MSc, Biomedical Engineering, 2010 - 2011
Anna University
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Biomedical/Medical Engineering, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Student council, NGO-Third Vision
Bishop Cotton's womens christian college
2004 - 2006
Activities and Societies:  Modelling, Dancing
Interests
Animals, writing, reading, artwork, travelling
Organizations
Madras Crocodile Bank Trust
Goodwill Ambassador
June 2015 to Present
Page4
Yamini Bhaskar
Operations Manager at Holmusk
Contact Yamini on LinkedIn

